Blackjack screens and controls

Power on: the card splash is shown, followed by "Press any key".
The three face-up cards are a random ten, a random ace, and a random
jack, queen or king, each in any suit. The card back stays unchanged.
Any rocker button or the external button
opens the main menu.

Main menu: Up/Down moves the highlight; the middle button selects.
  Start game: opens "Play until". Select 5, 10, 25 or 50 with the same
              controls. A fresh game starts with both scores at zero.
              The first player or dealer to reach that score wins.
  Rules: Up/Down changes pages, stopping at the first and last pages.
         The middle button returns to the main menu.
         Rules use preformatted lines, including blank separators,
         displayed nine lines per page without runtime word wrapping.
  Power off: displays the same title and card layout as the startup splash,
             with a freshly randomized ten, ace and face card,
             with "Power is off", waits for the e-ink refresh, then
             powers down. The image remains on the unpowered display.

Gameplay controls are unchanged: Up hits, Down stands, and any button
advances past the round result.
Prompts use Font8x8C64 glyphs for Up (0x8C), Down (0x8F) and Middle (0x8A),
with AsciiFont8x16 for the remaining text.

Game over: a centered Satisfy_24 title, winner, final dealer:player score,
and "Press any key" are shown. Any button returns to the main menu.
There is no automatic replay or 60-second shutdown; use Power off in
the main menu to shut down.

Hardware verification checklist
  - Check all three main-menu actions and all four target scores.
  - Start another game after Game over and confirm round 1 and score 0:0.
  - Check that the preformatted Rules lines fit and every page is readable.
  - Check page boundaries and the middle-button return from every page.
  - Confirm the gameplay layout and Hit/Stand controls are unchanged.
  - Check the button glyphs in menu, rules and Hit/Stand prompts.
  - Across several splashes, check that suits and face-card ranks vary,
    while the ten and ace keep their ranks and the card back is unchanged.
  - Confirm Game over has no inverted title bar and all text is centered.
  - Confirm the power-off image remains visible after shutdown.

Firmware compile check (PowerShell, Arduino IDE CLI):
  & "$env:LOCALAPPDATA\Programs\Arduino IDE\resources\app\lib\backend\resources\arduino-cli.exe" compile --quiet --fqbn m5stack:esp32:m5stack_coreink "c:\dev\CoreInk\BlackJack\blackjack"
